Service Management Group, LLC (“SMG”) - Software License Agreement

CAREFULLY READ ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT PRIOR TO USING THE
SOFTWARE.  USE OF THE SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO NOT OR CANNOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT
USE OR ACCESS THE SOFTWARE.

1.  Grant of Limited License.  SMG grants to you (“Customer”) a personal,
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software solely in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.  For the purposes of this Agreement,
“Software” means the software programs and documentation accompanying this
Agreement and any online documentation.  The Software may be used only for, by,
and on behalf of Customer, an existing customer of SMG.  Customer may not
transfer any of its rights hereunder.

2.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  SMG does not warrant that the functions contained
in the Software will meet Customer’s requirements or that the operation of the
Software will be error free. The Software is licensed on an “AS IS” basis.  The
entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is solely with
Customer.  NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THIS EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SMG BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF
EITHER CUSTOMER OR A THIRD PARTY AGAINST CUSTOMER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER
PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF SMG HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SMG BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES FOR ANY CAUSE
WHATSOEVER (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) IN EXCESS OF THE
AMOUNT PAID TO SMG BY CUSTOMER FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

3.  Additional Restrictions.  Customer agrees that (1) it will not copy the
Software except as permitted in Section 1; (2) it will not reproduce,
deactivate, or bypass any security device supplied with the Software; (3) it
will preserve and respect SMG’s copyright and the notice of copyright included
in the Software; (4) the Software contains information which is confidential and
proprietary to SMG, and Customer will not disclose or transfer or otherwise
provide to any third party all or any part of the Software without the express
written consent of SMG; (5) it will not disassemble, reverse compile or reverse
engineer the Software or any portion thereof or otherwise attempt to discover
the source code or structural framework of the Software; (6) it will not rent or
lease the Software; and (7) it will not modify the Software.

4.  General Terms and Conditions.  The terms and conditions of any purchase
order or other ordering document issued by Customer in connection with this
Agreement which are in addition to or inconsistent with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall not be binding on SMG and shall not be deemed to modify
this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes and expresses the entire agreement
and understanding between the parties in reference to all matters referred to
herein and supercedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or understandings
in relation thereto.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Missouri and shall inure to the benefit of SMG, its successors, and assigns.
The sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising out of this Agreement
shall be an appropriate federal court in the Western District of Missouri or a
state court located in Missouri and Customer hereby consents to personal
jurisdiction in such courts.

